Konvoy release docs (#3521)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/1.8/install/install-onprem/index.md

If the node fails, the stateful workload might lose its data.
If you cannot tolerate this limitation, you should consider other storage options.

# Configure NTP on nodes

> By default, Konvoy will install and configure `chrony` as an NTP client used to synchronize time on the control-plane and worker machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Konvoy instalsl and configures `chrony` as an NTP client used to synchronize time on the control-plane and worker machines.
```

> You can disable this by configuring your cluster as follows:

Reviewer 2: Let's make it clear you should only disable this if you already have something else doing this:

```suggestion
If your machines already have time synchronization software installed and configured, you can disable the installation of `chrony` by configuring your cluster as follows:
```
